g2p_notifications_rest_api/README.rst, before:

===========================
G2P Notifications: REST API
===========================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:17f544da76a15171ca76e883424d930605553e1efb0248a5ec9dc1555c81fd5d
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Alpha-red.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Alpha
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OpenG2P%2Fopeng2p--notifications-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OpenG2P/openg2p-notifications/tree/15.0-develop/g2p_notifications_rest_api
    :alt: OpenG2P/openg2p-notifications

|badge1| |badge2|

This module adds REST API support to OpenG2P Notifications.

.. IMPORTANT::
   This is an alpha version, the data model and design can change at any time without warning.
   Only for development or testing purpose, do not use in production.
   `More details on development status <https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status>`_

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OpenG2P/openg2p-notifications/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OpenG2P/openg2p-notifications/issues/new?body=module:%20g2p_notifications_rest_api%0Aversion:%2015.0-develop%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* OpenG2P

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `OpenG2P/openg2p-notifications <https://github.com/OpenG2P/openg2p-notifications/tree/15.0-develop/g2p_notifications_rest_api>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.

Commit message:

G2P-1782: Notification module migration to odoo17

g2p_notifications_rest_api/README.rst, after:

===========================
G2P Notifications: REST API
===========================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:17f544da76a15171ca76e883424d930605553e1efb0248a5ec9dc1555c81fd5d
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Alpha-red.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Alpha
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstorage-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/storage/tree/17.0/g2p_notifications_rest_api
    :alt: OCA/storage
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/storage-17-0/storage-17-0-g2p_notifications_rest_api
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/storage&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4|

This module adds REST API support to OpenG2P Notifications.

.. IMPORTANT::
   This is an alpha version, the data model and design can change at any time without warning.
   Only for development or testing purpose, do not use in production.
   `More details on development status <https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status>`_

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/storage/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/storage/issues/new?body=module:%20g2p_notifications_rest_api%0Aversion:%2017.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* OpenG2P

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/storage <https://github.com/OCA/storage/tree/17.0/g2p_notifications_rest_api>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
